THAT GIRL TOTALLY
WINKED AT ME.
SHE DID NOT.
NOBODY'S WINKING AT YOU.
HUH.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
I HAVE TO SAY
"TUPELO HONEY" BY VAN MORRISON.
NO WAY.
THE MOST ROMANTIC SONG EVER
WAS "THE WAY WE WERE."
SEE, I THINK THE ONE
THAT ELTON JOHN WROTE
FOR, UM, THAT GUY
ON WHO'S THE BOSS?
WHAT SONG IS THAT, PHEEBS?
UM...
♪ HOLD ME CLOSE,
YOUNG TONY DANZA... ♪
HI, MONICA.
HEY, MON.
OH, MY GOD, HAS
SHE SLEPT AT ALL?
NOPE.
NO. IT'S BEEN THREE
NIGHTS IN A ROW.
SHE FINALLY STOPPED
CRYING YESTERDAY
BUT THEN SHE FOUND ONE
OF RICHARD'S CIGAR BUTTS
OUT ON THE
TERRACE...
OKAY. THAT EXPLAINS IT.
I GOT A CALL
AT 2:00 IN THE MORNING
AND ALL I COULD HEAR WAS LIKE
THIS HIGH SQUEAKY SOUND
SO I THOUGHT, "OH, OKAY.
SO IT'S LIKE
A MOUSE OR A POSSUM."
THEN I REALIZED LIKE, OKAY
WHERE WOULD A MOUSE OR A POSSUM
GET THE MONEY
TO MAKE THE PHONE CALL?
MORNING.
Chandler:
HEY, YOU MADE PANCAKES?
YEAH. LIKE THERE'S ANY WAY
I COULD EVER DO THAT.
♪ MONICA AND RACHEL HAD SYRUP ♪
♪ UH-UH, NOW I CAN GET ♪
♪ MY MAN TO CHEER UP... ♪
( laughing )
GOOD MORNING, JOEY.
GOOD MORNING.
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
HERE'S A THOUGHT.
WHY DON'T YOU STAY HOME
FROM WORK TODAY
AND HANG OUT WITH ME?
OH, I WISH.
HONEY, YOU HAVE
THAT REPORT TO FINISH
AND I'VE GOT TO GO
SEE MY LAWYER.
I CANNOT BELIEVE I'M GOING OUT
WITH SOMEBODY
WHO'S GETTING DIVORCED.
I'M SUCH A GROWNUP.
I GOT TO GO.
OKAY, NOT WITHOUT A KISS.
MAYBE I WON'T KISS YOU,
AND THEN YOU'LL HAVE TO STAY.
KISS HER.
MMM-WA.
MMM.
I'LL SEE YOU
LATER, SWEETIE.
BYE, JOEY.
BYE-BYE, JANICE.
MMM... MMM...
SO, WHEN YOU DUMPING HER?
NOPE.
NOT THIS TIME.
COME ON.
QUIT YANKING ME.
I'M NOT YANKING YOU.
( snorts )
THIS IS JANICE.
YEAH. I KNOW.
SHE MAKES ME HAPPY.
OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
YOU LOOK ME IN THE EYE
AND TELL ME WITHOUT BLINKING
THAT YOU'RE NOT
BREAKING UP WITH HER.
NO BLINKING.
I'M NOT BREAKING
UP WITH HER.
HEY...
OH, GOD, LOOK WHAT
I FOUND IN THE DRAIN.
WHAT?
IT'S SOME OF
RICHARD'S HAIR.
WHAT DO I DO WITH THIS?
GETTING IT AWAY FROM ME
WOULD BE JOB ONE.
IT'S WEIRD,
BUT, YOU KNOW
I DON'T WANT TO
THROW THIS AWAY.
I MEAN, THIS IS
LIKE ALL I HAVE
LEFT OF HIM--
GROSS... DRAIN HAIR.
EWW!
COOL. OH, IT LOOKS
LIKE A TINY LITTLE PERSON
DROWNING IN YOUR CEREAL.
GOD, WHAT IS
WRONG WITH ME?
YOU NEED TO GET SOME SLEEP.
I NEED TO GET SOME RICHARD.
MONICA, YOU BROKE UP
WITH HIM FOR A REASON.
I KNOW. I KNOW.
I'M SO TIRED OF MISSING HIM.
I'M TIRED OF WONDERING
WHY HE HASN'T CALLED.
WHY HASN'T HE CALLED?
MAYBE 'CAUSE YOU
TOLD HIM NOT TO?
WHAT ARE YOU?
THE MEMORY WOMAN?
THEY'RE NOT BREAKING UP.
CHANDLER AND JANICE--
HE DIDN'T BLINK
OR ANYTHING.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
I'M NOT SURPRISED.
I MEAN,
HAVE YOU SEEN THEM TOGETHER?
THEY'RE REALLY CUTE.
CUTE?
THIS IS JANICE.
YOU REMEMBER JANICE?
YES, JOEY.
I REMEMBER.
SHE'S ANNOYING,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
SHE'S HIS GIRLFRIEND NOW.
WHAT CAN WE DO?
THERE YOU GO.
THAT'S THE SPIRIT
I'M LOOKING FOR.
WHAT CAN WE DO?
HUH?
ALL RIGHT, WHO'S FIRST?
HUH? ROSS?
I'M THINKING
CHANDLER'S OUR FRIEND
AND JANICE MAKES HIM HAPPY.
SO I SAY WE ALL JUST BE ADULT
ABOUT IT AND ACCEPT HER.
YEAH. WE'LL CALL THAT PLAN "B,"
ALL RIGHT?
HONEY, I WAS
WONDERING...
HMM?
DO YOU STILL HAVE
THAT, UM, NAVY UNIFORM?
NO. I HAD TO RETURN IT
TO THE COSTUME PLACE.
I THINK I HAVE
AN OLD BAND UNIFORM
FROM HIGH SCHOOL.
YOU REMEMBER NOT HAVING SEX
IN HIGH SCHOOL, RIGHT?
YEAH.
WELL, HONEY,
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
I MEAN...
WHAT?
ANY FUN, YOU KNOW,
FANTASY-TYPE THINGS?
NO.
COME ON. YOU
GOT TO HAVE ONE.
NOPE.
ROSS, YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHAT?
IF YOU TELL ME,
I MIGHT DO IT.
( clearing throat )
OKAY.
UM... DID YOU EVER SEE
UM, RETURN OF THE JEDI?
YEAH.
DO YOU REMEMBER THE SCENE
WITH, UM...
JABBA THE HUT?
WELL, JABBA HAD
AS HIS PRISONER
UM, PRINCESS LEIA.
OH...
PRINCESS LEIA WAS WEARING
THIS, UM...
GOLD BIKINI THING.
IT WAS PRETTY COOL.
OH, YEAH. PRINCESS LEIA
AND THE GOLD BIKINI?
EVERY GUY LOVED THAT.
REALLY?
MM-HMM. IT'S HUGE.
THAT'S THE MOMENT WHEN
SHE STOPPED BEING A PRINCESS
AND SHE BECAME LIKE A WOMAN,
YOU KNOW?
DID YOU EVER..? DO THE..?
THE LEIA THING?
OH, YEAH. MM-HMM.
OOH!
REALLY?
THAT... THAT GREAT, HUH?
NO. IT'S JUST THAT
I GOT THIS NEW PAGER
AND I HAVE IT ON VIBRATE.
SEE YOU.
HEY...
HI, YOU GUYS.
LOOK WHO I FOUND
STANDING OUTSIDE
THE SZECHUAN DRAGON
STARING AT A
PARKING METER.
( clearing throat )
MON.
HI.
WHY AREN'T YOU AT WORK?
OH, THEY...
THEY SENT ME HOME.
WHY?
BECAUSE I DON'T WORK
AT THE SZECHUAN DRAGON.
OKAY.
YOU REALLY, REALLY NEED
TO GET SOME SLEEP.
I KNOW I DO.
HI.
GUESS WHAT. THEY
PUBLISHED MY PAPER.
REALLY?
UH-HUH.
RACH, LOOK.
NO.
OOH, HI.
WHERE IS MY STRONG
ROSS SKYWALKER
TO COME RESCUE ME?
THERE HE IS.
( wheel clattering )
WHEEL
OF
Fortune...
Is there a T?
THIS GUY'S SO STUPID.
IT'S COUNT RUSHMORE.
YOU SHOULD REALLY
GO ON THIS SHOW.
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN.
I GOT THREE TICKETS
TO THE RANGERS TONIGHT.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
I SAY I AM THERE.
COOL. OH... IS
ROSS GOING TOO?
NO. JANICE.
JANICE?
'CAUSE I JUST... I FEEL
BAD FOR ROSS, YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, WE ALWAYS
GO TOGETHER.
WE'RE LIKE THE
THREE HOCK-A-TEERS.
YOU KNOW, I MAY BE
WAY OUT ON A LIMB HERE
BUT DO YOU HAVE
A PROBLEM WITH JANICE?
NO.
YES.
GOD, HOW DO I SAY THIS?
UH, OH... HI.
YOU KNOW THAT GIRL
FROM THE GREEK RESTAURANT
WITH THE HAIR?
EWW, THAT GIRL
THAT I HATE?
EWW, SHE DRIVES ME CRAZY.
EWW, OH.
LOOK, I DON'T HATE JANICE.
SHE'S JUST A LOT
TO TAKE, YOU KNOW?
WELL, THERE YOU GO.
OH, HEY,
COME ON, MAN.
DON'T LOOK AT ME
LIKE THAT.
SHE USED TO DRIVE YOU
NUTS TOO, REMEMBER?
WELL, I'M CRAZY
ABOUT HER NOW.
I THINK THIS COULD
BE THE REAL THING.
CAPITAL "R," CAPITAL "T."
DON'T WORRY.
THOSE ARE
THE RIGHT LETTERS.
LOOK... WHAT DO YOU
WANT ME TO SAY?
I WANT YOU TO SAY
THAT YOU LIKE HER.
I CAN'T. IT'S LIKE
THIS CHEMICAL THING.
EVERY TIME SHE
STARTS LAUGHING
I JUST WANT TO...
PULL MY ARM OFF
JUST SO I HAVE SOMETHING
TO THROW AT HER.
THANKS FOR TRYING.
OH, AND BY THE WAY,
THERE IS NO COUNT RUSHMORE.
YEAH? THEN WHO'S THE GUY
THAT PAINTED THE FACES
ON THE MOUNTAIN?
HOW COULD YOU
HAVE TOLD HER?
I DIDN'T THINK
IT WOULD BE THAT BIG A DEAL.
SHE DIDN'T THINK
WHO ARE YOU TALKING TO
WHEN YOU DO THAT?
LOOK, THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE
LIKE A PRIVATE, PERSONAL THING
BETWEEN US.
ROSS, PHOEBE IS
MY GIRLFRIEND, OKAY?
WE TELL EACH OTHER
EVERYTHING, YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, COME ON.
GUYS DO THE SAME THING.
WHAT ABOUT ALL THAT
LOCKER ROOM STUFF?
THAT'S DIFFERENT, OKAY?
THAT'S LIKE WHO DATED
A STRIPPER
OR WHO DID IT ON THE BACK
OF THE STATEN ISLAND FERRY?
BOTH THOSE JOEY?
YEAH.
BUT YOU DON'T TALK ABOUT
LIKE, YOU KNOW,
YOUR GIRLFRIEND
AND THE INTIMATE STUFF
YOU DO WITH HER.
NOT EVEN WITH
YOUR BEST FRIEND?
NO.
THAT IS SO SAD.
YOU'RE MISSING OUT
ON SO MUCH, ROSS.
I MEAN, THE BONDING
AND THE SHARING, YOU KNOW
AND KNOWING SOMEONE ELSE
IS GOING THROUGH
THE SAME THING YOU ARE.
SO... WHAT... YOU TELL
EACH OTHER EVERYTHING?
YEAH... PRETTY MUCH.
DID YOU TALK ABOUT
"THE NIGHT OF FIVE TIMES?"
DO YOU TELL PEOPLE ABOUT
UH, HONEY, THAT WAS WITH CAROL.
I KNOW, BUT IT'S STILL
WORTH MENTIONING.
RELAX EVERY MUSCLE
IN YOUR BODY.
LISTEN TO THE
PLINKY-PLUNKY MUSIC.
OKAY, NOW CLOSE
YOUR EYES
AND THINK
OF A HAPPY PLACE.
OKAY, TELL ME
YOUR HAPPY PLACE.
RICHARD'S LIVING ROOM,
DRINKING WINE.
NO, NO, NO.
NOT A RICHARD THING.
JUST PUT DOWN THE GLASS...
AND GET OUT!
I'M SORRY,
BUT THAT'S MY HAPPY PLACE.
OKAY, FINE,
USE MY HAPPY PLACE, OKAY?
I'M GOING TO HAVE TO ASK
THAT YOU DON'T MOVE ANYTHING.
ALL RIGHT,
I'LL TRY NOT TO.
ALL RIGHT, SO,
YOU'RE IN A MEADOW
MILLIONS OF STARS
IN THE SKY...
DO YOU THINK BREAKING UP
WITH HIM WAS A MISTAKE?
OKAY, THERE ARE NO QUESTIONS
IN THE HAPPY PLACE.
OKAY, JUST
THE WARM BREEZE
AND THE MOONLIGHT
FLOWING THROUGH THE TREE...
I BET HE'S TOTALLY OVER ME.
I'LL BET HE'S FINE.
BETTING AND WAGERING OF ANY KIND
ARE NOT PERMITTED
IN THE HAPPY PLACE.
OKAY?
THERE'S JUST
THE LOVELY
WATERFALLS
AND THE, THE
TRICKLING FOUNTAINS
AND THE CALMING SOUNDS
OF THE BABBLING BROOK...
OKAY,
THIS ISN'T WORKING.
I'M STILL AWAKE
AND NOW I HAVE TO PEE.
OH.
SO, I HEAR... YOU HATE ME.
HEY, I NEVER SAID,
"HATE."
I WAS VERY CAREFUL
ABOUT THAT.
I KNOW. WELL
A LITTLE BIRDIE TOLD ME
SOMETHING ABOUT YOU WANTING
TO RIP YOUR ARM OFF
AND THROW IT AT ME.
AND YOU GOT A "HATE" FROM THAT?
YOU'RE TAKING A BIG LEAP THERE.
ALL RIGHT. FINE,
FINE, FINE, FINE, FINE.
WE HAVE GOT
TO DO SOMETHING
ABOUT OUR LITTLE
SITUATION HERE, JOEY.
SO, THIS IS MY IDEA.
YOU AND ME SPENDING
SOME QUALITY TIME TOGETHER.
BUT WHAT DOES THAT..?
FOR CHANDLER!
OKAY. I'M IN.
OKAY, ALL RIGHT, THIS IS WHAT
WE'RE GOING TO CALL IT.
"JOEY AND JANICE'S DAY OF FUN."
DOES IT HAVE TO BE
A WHOLE DAY?
YES! BECAUSE THAT'S HOW LONG
IT TAKES TO LOVE ME.
YEAH. I KNOW.
I SLEEP IN THE NEXT ROOM.
SO, I WENT DOWN
TO THE POST OFFICE.
IT WAS THOSE VIDEOS
I ORDERED FOR RICHARD
ABOUT THE CIVIL WAR.
HE LOVED THE CIVIL WAR.
MONICA, DO YOU WANT US
TO TAKE YOU HOME?
UH-HUH.
OR MAYBE TO A GALAXY
FAR, FAR AWAY.
WOMEN TELL EACH OTHER
EVERYTHING.
DID YOU KNOW THAT?
HMM, YEAH.
NO, CHANDLER,
EVERYTHING... LIKE...
STUFF YOU LIKE.
STUFF SHE LIKES.
TECHNIQUE,
STAMINA, GIRTH.
GIRTH?
WHY, WHY, WHY, WHY
WHY, WHY WOULD THEY
DO THIS?
RACHEL SAYS
SHARING'S GREAT
AND SUPPOSEDLY,
YOU KNOW
WE OUGHT
TO BE DOING IT.
UH, DO YOU WANT TO?
WE'RE NOT GOING TO TALK
ABOUT GIRTH, ARE WE?
NO!
YEAH, OKAY.
YEAH?
ALL RIGHT,
YOU GO FIRST.
OKAY, OKAY.
I'LL GO FIRST.
SO, UH, THE OTHER NIGHT
RACHEL AND I ARE IN BED
TALKING ABOUT FANTASIES.
AND I HAPPENED TO DESCRIBE
A PARTICULAR...
STAR WARS THING.
PRINCESS LEIA
AND THE GOLD BIKINI.
YES!
I KNOW.
YES.
WELL, WOW...
WELL, THAT WAS EASY.
OKAY, YOU GO.
OKAY.
OKAY, WELL, YOU KNOW
WHEN YOU'RE IN BED
WITH A WOMAN...
HMM.
AND YOU KNOW
YOU'RE FOOLING
AROUND WITH HER
AND YOU GET
ALL THESE, LIKE, MENTAL IMAGES
IN YOUR BRAIN.
YOU KNOW LIKE,
ELLE MacPHERSON
OR THAT GIRL
AT THE XEROX PLACE.
WITH THE BELLY
BUTTON RING?
OH... MM-WAH.
AND THEN,
ALL OF A SUDDEN
YOUR MOM POPS
IN YOUR HEAD.
AND YOU'RE LIKE
"MOM, GET OUT OF HERE."
BUT, OF COURSE,
AFTER THAT
YOU CAN'T POSSIBLY
THINK OF ANYTHING ELSE
AND YOU CAN'T, YOU KNOW,
STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING
SO IT'S KIND OF LIKE
YOU'RE... YOU KNOW...
YOU DON'T KNOW.
YOUR... MOM?
YOU'RE, YOU'RE TELLING ME
ABOUT YOUR MOM?
WHAT IS THE MATTER
WITH YOU?
YOU SAID...
I SAID, "SHARE,"
NOT "SCARE."
WE'RE BACK!
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
DOING TOGETHER?
"JOEY AND JANICE'S
DAY OF FUN."
REALLY?
Joey:
YEAH, YEAH.
WE WENT
TO A METS GAME.
WE GOT CHINESE FOOD
AND, YOU KNOW,
I LOVE THIS WOMAN.
YOU HAVE GOT COMPETITION,
BUDDY.
I JUST CAME BY
TO GIVE YOU A KISS.
( kissing sounds )
I HAVE TO GO PICK UP THE BABIES
SO I'LL SEE YOU LATER,
SWEETHEART.
YOU TOO, CHANDLER.
( laughs )
YOU STILL
CAN'T STAND HER, CAN YOU?
I'M SORRY, MAN.
I TRIED. I REALLY DID.
WELL, YOU KNOW, I APPRECIATE
YOU GIVING IT A SHOT.
BUT, HEY, LOOK, YOU KNOW,
THE GOOD THING IS
IS THAT WE SPENT
THE WHOLE DAY TOGETHER
AND I SURVIVED.
AND WHAT'S EVEN MORE AMAZING,
SO DID SHE.
I MEAN, IT WAS "BAT DAY"
AT SHEA STADIUM.
YEAH, I...
I GUESS
THAT'S SOMETHING.
OH, MAN.
THAT'S HUGE.
NOW I KNOW I CAN STAND
TO BE AROUND HER
WHICH MEANS,
I GET TO HANG OUT WITH YOU
WHICH IS KIND OF
THE WHOLE POINT ANYWAY.
OKAY.
OH, HEY, CHANDLER
WE STOPPED BY
THE COFFEE SHOP
AND RAN INTO ROSS.
OH, GOD.
IF IT MAKES YOU
FEEL ANY BETTER
I DO IT TOO.
REALLY?
OH, YEAH.
I ALWAYS PICTURE YOUR MOM
WHEN I'M HAVING SEX.
April 12, 1861...
( knocking )
( knocking resumes )
HEY, DAD.
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
IT'S YOUR MOTHER'S
BRIDGE NIGHT
SO I THOUGHT I'D COME
INTO THE CITY
FOR A LITTLE MONI-CUDDLE.
SINCE WHEN DID YOU
START SMOKING CIGARS?
I DON'T.
I JUST...
I JUST LIKE THE SMELL OF IT.
SO, UH...
WHAT ARE YOU REALLY DOING HERE,
DAD?
I WANTED TO MAKE SURE
THAT YOU'RE OKAY.
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK
I MIGHT NOT BE?
I SAW RICHARD.
OH?
HOW YOU DOING?
FINE.
JUST A LITTLE TIRED.
I'M OKAY.
HOW'S RICHARD DOING?
YOU DON'T WANT
TO KNOW.
NO, I REALLY,
REALLY DO.
WELL, HE'S DOING
TERRIBLE.
REALLY?
WORSE THAN WHEN
HE BROKE UP WITH BARBARA.
YOU'RE NOT JUST
SAYING THAT, ARE YOU?
NO, THE MAN IS A MESS.
WAS HE CRYING?
NO.
WELL, DO YOU THINK
HE WAS WAITING
UNTIL YOU LEFT
SO HE COULD CRY?
MAYBE.
I THINK SO.
HONEY, RELATIONSHIPS
ARE HARD.
LIKE YOUR MOM AND ME.
AFTER WE GRADUATED FROM COLLEGE,
WE BROKE UP FOR A WHILE.
IT SEEMS HER FATHER,
YOUR GRANDFATHER
WANTED HER TO TRAVEL
AROUND EUROPE LIKE HE DID.
OF COURSE, HE GOT TO DO IT
ON UNCLE SAM'S NICKEL
BECAUSE HE WAS ALSO STRAFING
GERMAN TROOP TRAINS AT THE TIME.
HOWEVER...
( humming "Star Wars" theme )
( continues humming )
OKAY, HERE WE GO.
I'M JABBA'S PRISONER
AND YOU
HAVE A REALLY WEIRD LOOK
ON YOUR FACE.
WHAT? WHAT IS IT?
DID I GET IT WRONG?
DID I GET THE HAIR WRONG?
DID YOU PICTURE IT
DIFFERENTLY?
NO, NO. IT'S NOT YOU.
IT'S, UM, IT'S...
WELL, WHAT IS IT?
COME ON, SWEETIE, YOU'RE KIND
OF FREAKING ME OUT HERE.
I HATE CHANDLER.
THE BASTARD RUINED MY LIFE.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]